premium: Changefeed supports Alibaba Cloud (#22070)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md

Private Connect leverages **Private Link** or **Private Service Connect** technologies from cloud providers to enable resources in your VPC to connect to services in other VPCs using private IP addresses, as if those services were hosted directly within your VPC.

> To create a private endpoint for changefeeds in your cluster, follow [Set Up Private Endpoint for Changefeeds](/tidb-cloud/set-up-sink-private-endpoint.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a private endpoint for changefeeds in your {{{ .premium }}} instances, follow [Set Up Private Endpoint for Changefeeds](/tidb-cloud/set-up-sink-private-endpoint.md).
```
For TiDB Cloud Premium, please use "instance".
